culture-melt, its included CKII character history parser, and its
history transformer/rewriter designed to produce minimal textual diffs
are a project of myself, Matthew D. Hall. I remain the software's
maintainer and only developer. Personally, I think it's just a big
hack with insufficiently robust parsing, but I must say, it sure can
do some powerful things with Crusader Kings II's unwieldy character
history database in practice.

The capabilities of this software under the hood are currently far
greater than their usage. If you want to help change that and would
like me to work with you to build a specialised frontend or extended
history logic support for your use case (e.g., even off the wall
things like filling in the blanks in character history for extending
timelines or adding new titles to be held, complete transforms of
traits / attributes, etc.), simply contact me, and I would love to
help you achieve something cool with this software.

Today, culture-melt directly serves only one specific use case in its
frontend design and explicit parsing, dynasty-based rules for not only
rewriting culture but also optionally doing so to different
alternatives based upon character birth date.  The specific driving
use case was the 'German Culture Melt' for the SWMH mod, a part of the
HIP project.

Also, if you'd like to adapt any of this code to your own needs,
simply note that this program and its components are licensed under
the open source GPL v3 license (see COPYING); in other words, have at
it. I'd love to hear about it, though.

If you'd like to make contributions to it, you're welcome.  See the
project as part of the HIP-tools repository on GitHub, and fork away:

https://github.com/zijistark/HIP-tools

Matthew D. Hall - zijistark
zijistark@gmail.com
http://www.zijistark.com/
